Updating images (#255)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/excel-samples.md

This script creates a drop-down selection list for a cell. It uses the existing values of the selected range as the choices for the list.

> :::image type="content" source="../images/sample-data-validation.png" alt-text="A before-and-after set of screenshots that shows three words in a range, then those same words in a drop-down list.":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::image type="content" source="../images/sample-data-validation.png" alt-text="A worksheet showing a range of three cells containing color choices 'red, blue, green' and next to it, the same choices shown in a drop-down list.":::
```
